Fill before/after example documentation (#148)
yokai-php/batch-src: docs/docs/tutorials/example-before-after.rst

    {"code":"headphones","attributes":["description","headphone_connectivity","name","picture","power_requirements","price","release_date","sku","snr","thd","weight"],"attribute_as_label":"name","attribute_as_image":"picture","labels":{"en_US":"Headphones","fr_FR":"Casques audio","de_DE":"Kopfh\u00f6rer"}}

.. note::
   | This file is obviously much larger than these 3 lines, you might have thousands lines to process.

Before: Without Yokai Batch
------------------------------------------------------------

> The easy way to do so is to create the one script you already written thousands of times:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to do this is to create the one script you have already written thousands of times:
```

   | As your team grow, it will become more important to avoid duplicating things like this.
   | Because it is likely that someone will forget one of those little things, code will start acting funny.

After: With Yokai Batch
------------------------------------------------------------

> | Now, using ``yokai/batch``, we will be able to factorize most of this code to only show the business part :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Now, using ``yokai/batch``, we will be able to factorize most of this code to show only the business part :
```

.. literalinclude:: before-after/after.php
   :language: php

.. note::

>    | Most of the classes of that snippet are from ``Yokai\Batch`` namespace, you will reuse lot of those along the way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Most of the classes of that snippet are from ``Yokai\Batch`` namespace, you will reuse a lot of those along the way.
```
